I am pleased to announce the release of the OPM Toolbox 1.1.3. It
incorporates the recently proposed OWL ontology for OPM v1.1, and
conversion to/from RDF. 

Key changes to the toolkit:

    * Ontology fix
    * Removed inconsistency with time in WasControlledBy
    * Used DatatypeProperty instead of ObjectProperty where appropriate
    * Made Role mandatory on Used, WasGeneratedBy, WasControlledBy
    * Made cause/effect mandatory on edges
    * Made encoding/content mandatory in AValue
    * Used DatatypeProperty for value property



All information on OPM v1.1, the schema, the ontology, and the OPM
Toolbox available from openprovenance.org.

Maven artifacts are available from
http://openprovenance.org/java/maven-releases/. Source code is
available from http://github.com/lucmoreau/OpenProvenanceModel.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

I am pleased to announce the release of the OPM Toolbox 1.1.2. It
incorporates the recently proposed OWL ontology for OPM v1.1, and
conversion to/from RDF. 

Key changes to the toolkit:

    * Better support for Literal (XMLLiteral and based types)


All information on OPM v1.1, the schema, the ontology, and the OPM
Toolbox available from openprovenance.org.

Maven artifacts are available from
http://openprovenance.org/java/maven-releases/. Source code is
available from http://github.com/lucmoreau/OpenProvenanceModel.


------------------------------------------------------------

I am pleased to announce the release of the OPM Toolbox 1.1.1. It
incorporates the recently proposed OWL ontology for OPM v1.1, and
conversion to/from RDF.  Minor changes have been incorporated to the
XML Schema to ensure bidirectional conversion between XML and RDF.

Key changes to the toolkit:

    * Better support for annotations
    * Elmo based serialisation/deserialisation to/from RDF
    * opmconvert converting between xml and rdf
    * Support for time
    * Introduction of exactlyAt as an abbreviation for
        noLaterThan and noEarlierThan with same value

All information on OPM v1.1, the schema, the ontology, and the OPM
Toolbox available from openprovenance.org.

Maven artifacts are available from
http://openprovenance.org/java/maven-releases/. Source code is
available from http://github.com/lucmoreau/OpenProvenanceModel.

------------------------------------------------------------


Today, 2009-12-21, the OPM Toolbox 1.1 was released. It incorporates a
new XML schema compatible with the OPM v1.1 specification, and
conversion to/from RDF using Tupelo 2.5 recently released.

Key changes to the the XML Schema include:

    * Support for annotations
    * Compact representation for pre-defined properties, 
      including type, profile, label
    * Fixed time representation


Maven artifacts are available from
http://openprovenance.org/java/maven-releases/. Source code is
available from http://github.com/lucmoreau/OpenProvenanceModel.
